Update service types (#4221)
timescale/docs: _partials/_cloud-intro.md

You get one system that handles live data ingestion, late and out-of-order updates, and low latency queries, with the performance, reliability, and scalability your app needs. Ideal for IoT, crypto, finance, SaaS, and a myriad other domains, $CLOUD_LONG allows you to build data-heavy, mission-critical apps while retaining the familiarity and reliability of $PG.

> A $SERVICE_LONG is a single optimized 100% $PG database instance. It is ideal for applications requiring strong data

Reviewer: Update for Tiger Postgres please

You get one system that handles live data ingestion, late and out-of-order updates, and low latency queries, with the performance, reliability, and scalability your app needs. Ideal for IoT, crypto, finance, SaaS, and a myriad other domains, $CLOUD_LONG allows you to build data-heavy, mission-critical apps while retaining the familiarity and reliability of $PG.

> A $SERVICE_LONG is a single optimized instance of $TIGER_POSTGRES. It is ideal for applications requiring strong data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A $SERVICE_LONG is a single optimised instance of $TIGER_POSTGRES. $TIGER_POSTGRES is $PG extended with innovations in the database engine and cloud infrastructure to deliver speed without compromise. A $SERVICE_LONG instance is 10-1000x faster at scale! A $SERVICE_SHORT is ideal for applications requiring strong data
```
